# FarmPay
A wholesome farm to fork portal to cut down middlemen and reverse the unfair agricultural hierarchy, empowering the farmers.

We built a wholesome product to help farmers, cutting out the middlemen who take away a lion share of the commission. The farmers in India usually don’t get the prices they deserve for the crops they cultivate, immaterial of the inflating prices of fruits and vegetables. We aim to reverse the hierarchy of the price for the product where the consumers, courier services, Nagar Nigam and most importantly, farmers are benefitted the most. This the portal provides an all in one portal for farmers to sell their products directly to the buyers, eliminating the middle-men who take away the majority of the revenue with an SMS system to notify the farmers directly in an extremely user-friendly with the entire UI being presented in their native language. Also, there is a scope for management of warehousing. It not only buying-selling of produce, but it also connects the farmers with various lenders for their needs. The technologies we used HTML, CSS, Javascript, PHP for front-end Python(Flask), MySQL as database and framework including Keras. The challenges we ran into were limited dataset, integration over multiple interfaces, connection with databases, and backend. Our project was a web application with 3 portals, namely, the Farmer Portal, the Buyer\'s Portal with sub-categories of the likes of Domestic Buyer, Restaurant owner or Food Caterer, Retailer and Other (for Food Processing industries, etc.) and the Lender\'s Portal. The portal also connects the courier systems, providing the customers with the liberty to choose the most economic option. The portal takes care of mapping the users on the basis of location automating and easing the whole experience.
